---
title: 'TBA.4575 Clancy Loranger Way, outdoors'
location:
  lat: 49.2433893
  lng: -123.1074196
  address: '49.2434, -123.1074'
tags:
  - kml-import
  - seasonal
  - temporary
  - green-marker
  - active
photo: /images/libraries/placeholder-library.jpg
library_id: 00508
---
'Reuse and Recycling Drop-off Event' outdoors, next date to be announced.

Approximate location.  Maybe north or south of the baseball stadium, outside.

Hillcrest Community Centre parking lot. 
If by car, enter off Midlothian Ave.

They take books, but many book donations are made into paper pulp instead.  To make sure that doesn't happen, do NOT donate them here. Also, if you are sweet and persistent, they might even let you take some books from the bin to be pulped. That bin includes all the magazines, plus every book which lacks a bar-code (which started in the 1970s), textbooks, encyclopedias, slightly damaged books, catalogues, blank journals, etc.

They write, 'Bring your unwanted electronics, computers, power tools, clothing, shoes, books, household batteries, collecting flexible plastics, and more.'
Almost all the reusable things they get is donated to the Salvation Army, which recycles, dumps, or destroys what they can't sell.

https://vancouver. ca/news-calendar/calendar-of-events.aspx (delete spaces, or:)
https://vancouver.ca/news-calendar/calendar-of-events.aspx

A small event with severe restrictions because this is just for show, to pretend to be green. They are making a very tiny dent in the waste avalanche, as I have suggested to them. 
Details: vancouver.ca/dropoff
reduce. waste @ vancouver. ca
—Added to map by K.D., 2023 5 28.

## History
- **2025-Aug-08** - Imported from Vancouver Little Libraries 2025.8.6.revision
